remove not yet defined details about protocol error (#78)
radext-wg/draft-ietf-radext-radiusdtls-bis: draft-ietf-radext-radiusdtls-bis.md

However, special considerations apply for mixing Authentication and Accounting packets over the same connection.
Traditional RADIUS/UDP uses different ports for Authentication and Accounting, where RADIUS/(D)TLS uses the same connection for all RADIUS packets.
Due to the use of one single port for all packet types, clients might send packets to the server which it cannot process. Without a response from the server, the client has to wait for the requests to time out before reusing the request id, leading to resource exhaustion of the limited id space.

A server MAY thereofre respond with a Protocol-Error packet as defined in {{!RFC7930, Section 4}}, to aleviate this situation and signal that it was unable to process a packet. The Error-Cause attribute of this packet SHOULD be set to the value 406 ("Unsupported Extension"), if the server does not support the packet type, or the value 502 ("Request Not Routable (Proxy)"), if the request cannot be routed.
Future specifications may recommend other Error-Cause attribute values for specific scenarios.

> RADIUS/(D)TLS clients MUST accept Protocol-Error as a valid response and thus stop any retransmission of the original packet. Further details of handling the Protocol-Error reply on the client side are outside of the scope of this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RADIUS/(D)TLS clients MUST accept Protocol-Error as a valid response and thus stop any retransmission of the original packet over the current connection.
Further details of handling the Protocol-Error reply on the client side are outside of the scope of this document, see {{?I-D.dekok-protocol-error}} for a more detailed description on Protocol-Error.
```

However, special considerations apply for mixing Authentication and Accounting packets over the same connection.
Traditional RADIUS/UDP uses different ports for Authentication and Accounting, where RADIUS/(D)TLS uses the same connection for all RADIUS packets.
Due to the use of one single port for all packet types, clients might send packets to the server which it cannot process. Without a response from the server, the client has to wait for the requests to time out before reusing the request id, leading to resource exhaustion of the limited id space.

> A server MAY thereofre respond with a Protocol-Error packet as defined in {{!RFC7930, Section 4}}, to aleviate this situation and signal that it was unable to process a packet. The Error-Cause attribute of this packet SHOULD be set to the value 406 ("Unsupported Extension"), if the server does not support the packet type, or the value 502 ("Request Not Routable (Proxy)"), if the request cannot be routed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A server MAY therefore respond with a Protocol-Error packet as defined in {{!RFC7930, Section 4}}, to alleviate this situation and signal that it was unable to process a packet.
The Error-Cause attribute of this packet SHOULD be set to the value 406 ("Unsupported Extension"), if the server does not support the packet type, or the value 502 ("Request Not Routable (Proxy)"), if the request cannot be routed.
```

Future specifications may recommend other Error-Cause attribute values for specific scenarios.

RADIUS/(D)TLS clients MUST accept Protocol-Error as a valid response and thus stop any retransmission of the original packet over the current connection.
Further details of handling the Protocol-Error reply on the client side are outside of the scope of this document, see {{?I-D.dekok-protocol-error}} for a more detailed description on Protocol-Error.

> ### Differences from RFC 6614 unwanted RADIUS packet handling

Reviewer: Maybe we should adjust the text in this section as well now.
I'm struggling to find a good wording for what we mean, but we should say something about how (and if) legacy clients that don't send protocol-error (because it is a MAY) should go forward. Should they stop sending CoA-NAK, Disconnect-NAK, Accounting-Response and silently discard or should they keep sending the NAKs/Responses?
